feature: Secure graphql alias limiting (#237)
Ostorlab/KB: WEB_SERVICE/WEB/_SECURE/SECURE_GRAPHQL_ALIAS_LIMITING/description.md

The GraphQL API is secured against **Alias Overloading** attacks by enforcing strict limits on the number of aliases per query and implementing query timeouts.  

A **secure implementation** includes:  

**Alias Limit Enforcement** – The server restricts the number of aliases allowed in a single query (e.g., max 50 aliases).  
**Query Timeouts** – Long-running queries are automatically terminated to prevent resource exhaustion.  
**GraphQL Armor Integration** – Security middleware (like GraphQL Armor) is used to block abusive queries.  

### **Example of a Secure Configuration**  
```javascript
// GraphQL Armor configuration
GraphQLArmorConfig({
  maxAliases: {
    enabled: true,
    n: 50,  // Maximum allowed aliases
    propagateOnRejection: true,
  }

> })

Reviewer: The GraphQL API is protected against Alias Overloading attacks through the use of strict alias limits and query execution timeouts, ensuring that malicious or overly complex queries cannot exhaust server resources.

> The GraphQL API is secured against **Alias Overloading** attacks by enforcing strict limits on the number of aliases per query and implementing query timeouts.  
> 
> A **secure implementation** includes:  
> 
> **Alias Limit Enforcement** – The server restricts the number of aliases allowed in a single query (e.g., max 50 aliases).  
> **Query Timeouts** – Long-running queries are automatically terminated to prevent resource exhaustion.  
> **GraphQL Armor Integration** – Security middleware (like GraphQL Armor) is used to block abusive queries.  
> 
> ### **Example of a Secure Configuration**  
> ```javascript
> // GraphQL Armor configuration
> GraphQLArmorConfig({
>   maxAliases: {
>     enabled: true,
>     n: 50,  // Maximum allowed aliases
>     propagateOnRejection: true,
>   }
> })

Reviewer: I think this is enough for a secure KB

```suggestion
The GraphQL API is protected against Alias Overloading attacks through the use of strict alias limits and query execution timeouts, ensuring that malicious or overly complex queries cannot exhaust server resources.
```
